# Trainity
My data analytics projects 
 
Description:
For you final project we are providing you with a dataset of a Customer Experience (CX) Inbound calling team for 23 days. Data includes Agent_Name, Agent_ID, Queue_Time [duration for which customer have to wait before they get connected to an agent], Time [time at which call was made by customer in a day], Time_Bucket [for easiness we have also provided you with the time bucket], Duration [duration for which a customer and executives are on call, Call_Seconds [for simplicity we have also converted those time into seconds], call status (Abandon, answered, transferred).

A customer experience (CX) team consists of professionals who analyze customer feedback and data, and share insights with the rest of the organization. Typically, these teams fulfil various roles and responsibilities such as: Customer experience programs (CX programs), Digital customer experience, Design and processes, Internal communications, Voice of the customer (VoC), User experiences, Customer experience management, Journey mapping, Nurturing customer interactions, Customer success, Customer support, Handling customer data, Learning about the customer journey.

Let’s look at some of the most impactful AI-empowered customer experience tools you can use today:

Interactive Voice Response (IVR), Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Predictive Analytics, Intelligent Routing

In a Customer Experience team there is a huge employment opportunities for Customer service representatives A.k.a. call centre agents, customer service agents. Some of the roles for them include: Email support, Inbound support, Outbound support, social media support.

Inbound customer support is defined as the call centre which is responsible for handling inbound calls of customers. Inbound calls are the incoming voice calls of the existing customers or prospective customers for your business which are attended by customer care representatives. Inbound customer service is the methodology of attracting, engaging, and delighting your customers to turn them into your business' loyal advocates. By solving your customers' problems and helping them achieve success using your product or service, you can delight your customers and turn them into a growth engine for your business.
